Redesign README.md (#6953)
owncloud/web: README.md

ownCloud Web is a single page, standalone frontend, based on modern web technologies. It brings new features as well as improved user flows and can be deployed independent of the backend server. 
## Examples
Here are some examples of what you can do with ownCloud Web:
- 🗂 **Files**: Upload, download, search and manage files (as you may know it for example from Dropbox, OneDrive, Google Drive etc.).
- 🌈 **Share** files or whole folders directly with other users on your ownCloud.
- 🌍 **Links**: Create links and share them with anyone in the world - no login required.
- 📝 **Write**: Edit your documents with the editor of your choice like ONLYOFFICE, Collabora or Microsoft Word and more.
- 🤝 **Collaborate** in real-time on documents.
- 🚀 **Spaces**: You have to manage important projects? Let Spaces, the new special folders, keep order. 
- 🛟 **Versioning** Saved a wrong version? We have the timemachine you where looking for! Easyily go back in time and restore older versions of your files.
- 📥 **Drop-folders** Collect files from other people in one folder via a simple link, ex. homework from pupils or photos from your family - no login required.

> - 🔒 **100% privacy**: ownCloud Web is GDPR compliant and can be used only internally or toghether with external people.

Author: ```suggestion
- 🔒 **Privacy first:** ownCloud Web is GDPR compliant and can both be used completely internally or together with external people. It also will never "phone home".
```

> - 🛡 **Secure** ownCloud Web is an open source project which means that you can track every action of the software - no blackbox, no "phone home".

Author: ```suggestion
- 🛡 **Secure:** ownCloud Web is an open source project which means that you can track every action, update and dependency of the software.
```

> - 🩼 **Inclusive**: Our goal is to be accessible for kids to seniors and newbies to experts as we are all affected by physical and cognitive limitations depending on our personal situations.

Author: ```suggestion
- ♿ **Inclusive:** Our goal is to be accessible for kids as well as seniors and for newbies as well as experts - since we are all affected by physical and cognitive limitations, depending on our personal situation.
```

- 🧩 **Extensible** ownCloud Web is build as a plattform that can be extended by-design in the most developer friendly way.

> - 🌗 **Darkmode** <-- all said.

Author: ```suggestion
- 🌗 **Darkmode:** Initialized with your browser settings, and easily switched to please your eyes better.
```

> - 🎭 **Themes**: Easily cumstomizable to your branding or personal taste.

Author: ```suggestion
- 🎭 **Themes**: Customize to your branding needs or personal taste in no time.
```

- 👉 and many more...

> As the successor to the classic ownCloud frontend, it is compatible with both the classic [ownCloud Server](https://github.com/owncloud/core) and [ownCloud Infinite Scale](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis). When used with the classic ownCloud Server, ownCloud Web is made available to users via an additional item "New Design" in the application switcher. 

Author: ```suggestion
As the successor to the classic ownCloud frontend, it is compatible with both the [ownCloud Server](https://github.com/owncloud/core) and [ownCloud Infinite Scale](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis). When used with the ownCloud Server, ownCloud Web is made available to users via an additional item "New Design" in the application switcher. 
```

While the `web` frontend provides a performant, elegant, accessible and themeable base, it also aims to be extendable with custom extensions provided by external developers.

## Live Demos

> - **Classic** ownCloud 10 backend. You can use the most recent release of `web` with a classic ownCloud Server backend: 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Server** - Try the most recent release of `web` with an ownCloud Server backend: 
```

  - Demo: [https://web.owncloud.com/](https://web.owncloud.com/)
  - User: `demo`
  - Password: `demo`

- **Infinitescale** - Try the latest commit on the master branch with an ownCloud Infinite Scale backend:
  - Demo: [https://ocis.ocis-web.latest.owncloud.works](https://ocis.ocis-web.latest.owncloud.works)
  - User: `einstein`
  - Password: `relativity`

## Repository structure

The backbone of this project is built by the following parts of the `packages`:
- **client:** Generated TypeScript client for communications with the ownCloud Infinite Scale graph API
- **container:** Static assets and rarely changing base files

> - **integration-oc10:** Small PHP building blocks to make `web` work as an app with the classic ownCloud Server

Author: ```suggestion
- **integration-oc10:** Small PHP building blocks to make `web` work as an app with the ownCloud Server
```

[![web docker image](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/owncloud/web?label=web%20docker%20image&logo=docker&sort=semver)](https://hub.docker.com/r/owncloud/web)

# ownCloud Web
With ownCloud Web you can manage your ownCloud in your browser.
Here are some examples of what you can do with ownCloud Web:
- 🗂 **Files**: Upload, download and manage files (as you may know it for example from Dropbox, OneDrive, Google Drive etc.).
- 🌈 **Share** files or whole folders directly with other users or groups on your ownCloud.

> - 🌍 **Links**: Create links and share them with anyone on the world - no login required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🌍 **Links**: Create links and share them with anyone in the world - no login required.
```

- 📝 **Write**: Edit your documents with the editor of your choice like ONLYOFFICE, Collabora or Microsoft Word and more.
- 🤝 **Collaborate** in real-time on your documents.

> - 🛟 **Versioning** Saved a wrong version? We have the timemaschine you where looking for! Easyily go back in time and restore older versions of your files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🛟 **Versioning** Saved a wrong version? We have the timemachine you where looking for! Easyily go back in time and restore older versions of your files.
```

- 📥 **Drop-folders** tbd
- 🔒 **100% Privacy** by design tbd
- 🛡 **Secure** tbd
- 🩼 **Inclusive** tbd
- 🧩 **Extensible** tbd
- 🚀 **Spaces** oCIS only tbd
- 🔎 **Search** tbd
- 🌗 **Darkmode** tbd
- 🪪 **Libre IDM** tbd

ownCloud Web is a single page, standalone frontend based on modern web technologies. It brings new features as well as improved user flows and can be deployed independent of the backend server. 

> As the successor to the classic ownCloud frontend, it is compatible with both the classic [ownCloud Server](https://github.com/owncloud/core) and [ownCloud Infinite Scale](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis). When used with the classic ownCloud Server, ownCloud Web is made available to users via an additional item "New Design" in the application switcher. 

Reviewer: Regarding wording, `classic` is only allowed for the `classic frontend`. The backend is just `ownCloud Server` or `PHP based ownCloud Server` or something alike.

- **container:** Static assets and rarely changing base files
- **integration-oc10:** Small PHP building blocks to make `web` work as an app with the classic ownCloud Server
- **pkg:** Shared logic for various places inside the codebase
- **runtime:** Central place of (user) authentication, provisioning of the user interface layout, client side storage, routing, theming, dependencies and (sub)application handling

The repository's `packages` also contains the following apps, which can be en-/disabled via the `config.json`:
- **draw-io:** An extension for creating, opening and editing `.draw` files
- **external:** An extension for creating, opening and editing files using the WOPI server
- **files:** The default extension and core part of the project, responsible for file sync-and-share - up- and downloading, sharing with other users/groups or via links, version management and more
- **pdf-viewer:** An extension for opening PDF files without leaving the UI
- **preview:** An extension for opening audio, video and image files
- **search:** An extension for registering search providers, which then get rendered into the layout in the **runtime** using a portal

> - **skeletion:** Bare extension serving as a playground for prototyping new custom extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **skeleton:** Bare extension serving as a playground for prototyping new custom extensions
```

> - **text-editor:** An extension for creating, opening and editing `.md` and `.txt` files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **text-editor:** An extension for creating, opening and editing plain text files, like e.g. `.md` or `.txt`
```

> - **user-management:** An extension for basic user and group management by the admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **user-management:** An extension for basic user and group management by the admin. Only works with the Infinite Scale platform, as it uses the graph API.
```

Notable dependencies are the [ownCloud web design system](github.com/owncloud/owncloud-design-system/), providing UI components and style rules, and the [ownCloud web sdk](github.com/owncloud/owncloud-sdk/), which abstracts away interactions with both backends. Both are actively improved by the same maintainers that also work on the `web` frontend.

## Releases
We currently publish a new release every couple of weeks, strictly following [semver](https://semver.org/). Releases and their corresponding changelogs can be found on [the release page](https://github.com/owncloud/web/releases) on GitHub.

## Documentation
The documentation is an important part of this project and can be found in the [docs]() folder, or in its deployed [live version](https://owncloud.dev/clients/web).

## Contribution

> Contribution in the form of bug reports, user feedback or actual code is always welcome! We do have a [contribution guide](https://github.com/owncloud/web/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md), actively use the [good-first-issue](https://github.com/owncloud/web/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3ATopic%3Agood-first-issue) label and tr to feedback on issues and pull requests in a timely manner. There is also a [setup guide](https://owncloud.dev/clients/web/getting-started/) for building and running `web` locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contribution in the form of bug reports, user feedback or actual code is always welcome! We do have a [contribution guide](https://github.com/owncloud/web/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md), actively use the [good-first-issue](https://github.com/owncloud/web/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3ATopic%3Agood-first-issue) label and try to feedback on issues and pull requests in a timely manner. There is also a [setup guide](https://owncloud.dev/clients/web/getting-started/) for building and running `web` locally.
```
